chore: tweak configs to match pyramid (#89)
Pylons/venusian: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Fix Bugs
~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "feature"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Write Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

venusian could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official venusian docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

Submit Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at
https://github.com/Pylons/venusian/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `venusian` for local development.

1. Fork the `venusian` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/venusian.git

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv::

    $ python3 -m venv env

>     $ env/bin/pip install -e .[docs,testing]

Reviewer: I wouldn't install a local copy. I don't during dev. `tox` will install and run tests in their own virtualenvs across the supported versions of Python.

Author: Lots of development requires being able to do things like set breakpoints in code to examine state:  this environment is intended to support that, not automated testing.

Reviewer: Even within a `tox` run you can set breakpoints and the like, and now you are actually testing what the end result will be (a wheel) vs potential other things that are in the python path because of the directory you are in. I know we switched to src directory on purpose, but tox makes it cleaner and easier to not accidentally be testing/validating something that is not the same as what will be tested in CI/CD.

    $ env/bin/pip install tox

4. Create a branch for local development::

>     $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ git switch -c name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
```

Using `git checkout` is not recommend by `git` anymore due to confusion related to what it means to do a `checkout`.

Author: Can you point me to a reference for that recommendation?  The [basic branching and merging chapter](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging) of the official git book still uses `checkout -b`.

Reviewer: https://linuxhandbook.com/git-switch-checkout/

https://git-scm.com/docs/git-switch

git switch was explicitly added to stop confusion around what "checkout" does since checkout was overloaded.

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8 and
   the tests, including testing other Python versions with tox::

    $ env/bin/tox

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.rst.

> 3. The pull request should work for Python 2.7, 3.4 and 3.5, and for PyPy. Check

Reviewer: Drop Python 2.7. We no longer support it. Second, 3.4 and 3.5 are also no longer supported.

This really should just point to the classifiers list in `setup.cfg` which includes the supported versions of Python that are supported by the project.

https://github.com/Pylons/venusian/blob/main/setup.cfg#L10-L22

Author: 62f3807010eb49e1054ce486de9138ca053c6276

> 3. The pull request should work for Python 2.7, 3.4 and 3.5, and for PyPy. Check

Author: ```suggestion
3. The pull request should work for all supported versions of Python Check
```

>    https://travis-ci.org/Pylons/venusian/pull_requests

Reviewer: Travis-CI is no longer used. Github Actions are in use.

Author: 62f3807010eb49e1054ce486de9138ca053c6276

   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Tips
----

To run a subset of tests::

> $ env/bin/py.test tests.test_venusian

Reviewer: `tox -e py38 -- tests.test_venusian`

Will do the same thing, and doesn't require a local installation that may be out of date, and will cause tox to update the right versions of dependencies and the like.

Author: See above:  I don't use `tox` this way, but always have a separate virtual env for actual development.  The fact that tox does *not* install a development copy is the entire point of having a virtual env which does.
